---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: How to decide the best choice.
datePublished: '2015-10-20T02:14:41.253Z'
dateModified: '2015-10-20T02:14:37.093Z'
title: Which is Best?
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-20-4b7aabfd-3751-4f3c-bfb5-f30b3023d83a.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
# **Which is Best?**

A friend asked today which computer she should get. Many of her friends replied with Apple without even getting to know WHY she needs a computer. Now, mind you, I don't necessarily disagree with them but it doesn't go far enough. My answer was:

_I've been a programmer since 1978 so I know a bit about computers Make a list of everything you think you will do with it cuz no matter the brand, it starts with your needs._

You see, if she only wants to check email then a netbook type computer would be more than enough and save her perhaps hundreds of dollars. If she is looking to do high level graphics design then she'd need a computer and a large screen -- something like my iMac 27" I just was blessed enough to buy. If she wants to do C\# Programming then I'd definitely point her at a Windows desktop with some power.

How often do we do the same thing with the things of God? Seriously!

Someone asks us which church is the best and immediately from our mouth comes "Ours!" but is that the best answer? What do they want from church? It could be a number of things:

1. To find a date/mate.
2. To find a good Bible study.
3. To have something to do on a lonely day.
4. To have more friends.
5. To learn about the plan and purpose of God for their life.
6. To join a gossip chain.

With all honesty, I would hope your answer would change based on their answer. In fact, I'm sure your Pastor would encourage you to answer \#6 with "anyone else's church but mine."

This question can be extended to many things to do with God and church. Which music is the best? Which translation of the Bible? Which type of seat -- pews or chairs? Wine or grape juice? Sprinkle or dunk? etc.

I'd encourage you that the answer to most of those questions is found in the Bible. Read it and see for yourself. If it is unimportant such as color of the drapes then go with what you like, but don't do that for the important stuff! For that, seek the answer in the Bible, pray and ask God to help you see the best choice for you and in His will, and consult the wise counsel of trusted brethren in the Body of Christ.