---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-10T02:20:10.289Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-10T02:19:39.328Z'
title: ''
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-10-39f99a22-e56f-4621-a008-1f52ca926759.md
published: true
url: 39f99a22-e56f-4621-a008-1f52ca926759/index.html
_type: Article

---
### September 21, 2011

**I Did It My Way**
That was a big hit for Frank Sinatra, but it's not the way we were designed to do it. In that song the words include: 
> 
> _For what is a man, what has he got?__If not himself, then he has naught__To say the things he truly feels and not the words of one who kneels__The record shows I took the blows and did it my way!_

Well, let's look at that for just a minute or two, because that's all it's worth.

1. He sings that a man that does not have himself has nothing.

> "My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:"_1 John 2:1 (KJV)_

So if we have Christ as our Lord then we have an advocate - that's not naught.

> And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:_1 John 5:14 (KJV)_

We have confidence that if we ask according to Christ's will he hears us - that's not naught.

> For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life._John 3:16 (KJV)_

We have everlasting life instead of everlasting death if only we believe in Him - that's not naught.

> The word "believe" means to have faith (in, upon, or with respect to, a person or thing), to entrust, commit, put in trust with. _---Strong's Talking Greek & Hebrew Dictionary_

His song also talks about saying what you feel and not saying the words of one who kneels. When you are talking about one who kneels in submission to another man, I would agree. The words of he who kneels to God, however, are much more valuable and powerful than his song or any attitude he wants to throw out. In eternity what power will those words hold?

He also says that the record shows he took the blows and did it his way. If he'd just have done it God's way then he would realize the blows were taken by Jesus at the cross and that while we have to fight, we don't have to get beat up.

Anyway, enough of a silly man's song!

The Bible is full of examples of people doing it their way, people doing it God's way, and the results of each.

### People want to do it their way.

Here's an example of doing it their way. When the Philistine army came against the army of Israel they wanted to fight their way, not God's way. God's way is that if you come against his army you die, all of you, period. They tried to get Israel to play the game their way and send out Goliath against one of God's people, winner take all. Were it not for the faith and devotion of David they would have become slaves or would have been dead. Only the faith in God that David showed brought them through the battle. David, on the other hand, did it God's way - go show the uncircumcised Philistine that he is dealing with the God of Israel and how unwise that is and he was blessed for it.

Speaking of King David, he decided to do it his way too. He saw Bathsheba bathing on the roof and hatched a plan to have her for himself. He figured how to get her husband out of the way and to even, in his mind, justify it. How did that work out for him? The good news is that when we mess up and are quick to repent then God is also fast to forgive.

Jonah was told God's plan to go to Nineveh but decided to do it his way. What happened to him really stank. We can turn back toward God even if we are in a place where we feel dead.

Sampson, again, wanted to have it his way and ended up blinded by love - literally - and ended up betraying himself, his beliefs, and his position because, I think, he took it for granted. See, he had everything from birth because his mother sort of entered him into the Nazarite covenant so he always had the strength and favor. Only when he went his own way did it all fall apart.

Peter did it his way when he cut off the soldier's ear. This was not done out of rebellion but still, it was his way and not God's way. Jesus had to clean up after him and teach him. He was well intentioned trying to protect the Lord but it was not God's way... even when we do the just thing it's not always right.

## God has a way to do it.

So, is everything bad? No! When people do things God's way it is awesome. 

Elijah had a target on his back because he did what God said to do. Everyone suffering from the drought wanted him dead for pronouncing it as God commanded. He, however, was not murdered and in fact had bread and meat brought to him twice a day and drank fresh water. He's probably the only one in the land doing that but he was blessed. Funny how just food and water can be a blessing -- how many times do we overlook blessings because they are mundane? 

Jesus did it God's way, even though He **really** didn't want to. He was praying in the garden basically saying He'd rather not but if the Father wants it He will do it. Because of that one thing everyone in all of history has the opportunity to be saved and, more importantly, be in relationship with God.

Saul was doing things his way in what he thought was wisdom and it was for God, but he ended up sitting in the dirt, embarassed, bewildered and blind. He even had to go to one of his enemies to get it taken care of! How would you like to be blind and have to go find one of the guys you were trying to kill. You **know** Saul was thinking "If I go there they will surely kill me." Instead he changed his mind and started doing things God's way and look at all the things he has done and all the blessings he had! You wonder if he was really blessed? I mean, he was shipwrecked and snakebit and you name it, but he was alive and changed more lives than we can count. In fact, his life in the Lord's hands is still changing lives today. When you get right down to it, it really is as simple as changing our mind and doing what God says. Like Pastor says, obedience is easy, just do what we are told!

### Big things

Now all of these examples are big things in people's lives. How many big things have we had opportunity for in our lives? Did we leap into them with enthusiasm or did we miss it entirely because we were thinking about ourselves?

### Little things

How many things that we think are little things in our lives can make a big difference? We can give a little extra offering to bless God and He will return it so that we can't contain it. You say that didn't happen? Ok, you give extra in the offering this week and see. Oh wait, you can't see because the blessings aren't just dollars... they are not contracting cancer. They are a car wreck we never saw coming that never came. They are smiles from loved ones. I can relate to this one because it has happened twice just where I am now, unseen blessings can be keeping your job when the world says you are too expensive and need to be let go. My point is that we never see most of the blessings we have, and how many more will we have when we do everything the Lord's way, even little things?!